There are 5 apples, you take 2 how many do you have, simple 2, you took them
Try the book captain underpants
This has been downloaded from github
Hi
OMG you got a rare fact
Piano is good
I like you
Well how good it is to meet you
13
How do you split 3 cars for 2 dads and 2 sons, one son is a dad
You have 2 coins that total 55 cents. one of them is not a nickel.how is this possible , the other is a nickel
In england is their a forth of july,Yes but they don't celebrate it!!
Here comes a song,dance, but the end is near
The world's largest cat measured 48.5 inches long.
Wikipedia has a recording of a cat meowing because why not?
In tigers and tabbies, the middle of the tongue is covered in backward-pointing spines, used for breaking off and gripping meat.
Cats sleep 70 percent of their lives. 
Cats are the most popular pet in the United States: There are 88 million pet cats and 74 million dogs. 
There are cats who have survived falls from over 32 stories (320 meters) onto concrete.
You can collect old pokemon cards!
Whats up
There's a chance of getting the number 13 sometime,here on this skill
All the facts are stored in a big text file
Try asking your voice assistant to call santa, this may work on google home
Did you know google wrote siri a poem, just say Ok Google,hey siri to hear it, I shouldn't say it right now
CATS CAN HEAL BONES
Frequencies of 20 to 50 Hertz are helpful in speeding the healing process of bone injuries. Cat's purr vibrations which range from 20 – 140 Hertz, can help heal soft tissue injuries to ligaments, tendons and muscles. By the way this is the longest fact!
Merry Christmas!
Welcome to ummm, the awesome thing!
This is not ok for kids
Long word warning pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis
A lot of teachers think you should not use wikipedia since it can be edited by anyone, but there is a filter!
Cats can run at 30 mph or 48 kph which is faster than gold-winning 100 meter world record champion Usain Bolt. 
A cat’s sense of smell is 14 times – yes, 14 times! – more sensitive and stronger than humans. 
